[SliderUnstyled] Improve value label display logic (#35805)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/components/slider/slider.md

{{"demo": "RangeSlider.js"}}

### Value label

> The value label can be rendered around the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. There are typically two use cases for when the value label is shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A label for the value can be rendered around the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. These are the typical use-cases for showing the value label:
```

> - always
> - only when hovering over the thumb - using CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- always
- only when hovering over the thumb - using CSS
- while interacting with the thumb (hovering or dragging)
```

{{"demo": "RangeSlider.js"}}

### Value label

> A label for the value can be rendered around the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. These are the typical use-cases for showing the value label:

Reviewer 2: Rephrasing this in active voice.

```suggestion
A label for the value can be rendered around the thumb by using the optional `slots` prop with the `valueLabel` slot. These are the typical use cases for showing the value label:
```

- always

> - only when hovering over the thumb - using CSS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- only when hovering over the thumb (using CSS)
```
